update consensus and finality page (#784)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-docs: builders/get-started/eth-compare/consensus-finality.md

Moonbeam does not use checkpoint blocks and instead relies on Polkadot's GRANDPA finality gadget, where the finality process is completed in parallel to block production. In addition, the finality process incorporates the blockchain's structure, which allows the relay chain validators to vote on the highest block that they think is valid. In this scenario, the vote would apply to all of the blocks leading up to the one that is finalized, which speeds up the finalization process. After a block has been included in the relay chain, a block can be finalized within one block on Moonbeam.

> ## Check Transaction Finality with Ethereum RPC Endpoints {: #strategy-to-check-tx-finality }

Reviewer: Shouldn't we have the tags match exactly or pretty close to the title? e.g. #check-transaction-finality

    --8<-- 'code/builders/get-started/eth-compare/consensus-finality/web3.py'
    ```

> ## Check Transaction Finality with Moonbeam RPC Endpoints {: #checking-tx-finality-with-moonbeam-rpc-endpoints }

Reviewer: Check / checking mismatch between title and tag could be confusing

> Moonbeam has added support for two custom RPC endpoints, `moon_isBlockFinalized` and `moon_isTxFinalized`, that can be used to check whether an on-chain event is finalized. These methods are a bit more straight forward, as you don't need to compare block numbers to ensure your transaction was finalized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moonbeam has added support for two custom RPC endpoints, `moon_isBlockFinalized` and `moon_isTxFinalized`, that can be used to check whether an on-chain event is finalized. These methods are a bit more straightforward, as you don't need to compare block numbers to ensure your transaction was finalized.
```

???+ code "moon_isBlockFinalized"

    === "Ethers.js"

        ```js
        --8<-- 'code/builders/get-started/eth-compare/consensus-finality/custom-rpc/block/ethers.js'
        ```

    === "Web3.js"

        ```js
        --8<-- 'code/builders/get-started/eth-compare/consensus-finality/custom-rpc/block/web3.js'
        ```

    === "Web3.py"

        ```py
        --8<-- 'code/builders/get-started/eth-compare/consensus-finality/custom-rpc/block/web3.py'
        ```

??? code "moon_isTxFinalized"

    === "Ethers.js"

        ```js
        --8<-- 'code/builders/get-started/eth-compare/consensus-finality/custom-rpc/tx/ethers.js'
        ```

    === "Web3.js"

        ```js
        --8<-- 'code/builders/get-started/eth-compare/consensus-finality/custom-rpc/tx/web3.js'
        ```

    === "Web3.py"

        ```py
        --8<-- 'code/builders/get-started/eth-compare/consensus-finality/custom-rpc/tx/web3.py'
        ```

## Check Transaction Finality with Substrate RPC Endpoints {: #checking-tx-finality-with-substrate-rpc }

> Using the following three RPC requests from the Substrate JSON-RPC, you can fetch the current finalized block and compare it with the block nunmber of the transaction you want to check finality for:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the following three RPC requests from the Substrate JSON-RPC, you can fetch the current finalized block and compare it with the block number of the transaction you want to check finality for:
```
